MG Windsor EV Price - Features, Images, Colours & Reviews All New Used Ad English Login / Register NEW CARS Explore New Cars Electric Cars Tata Tiago EV Maruti Suzuki e Vitara Mahindra BE 6 Tata Punch EV Mahindra XEV 9e MG Windsor EV All Electric Cars Popular Cars Tata Tiago Tata Sierra Tata Punch Hyundai Creta Maruti Suzuki FRONX Mahindra Thar All Popular Cars Upcoming Cars New Launches Popular Brands Maruti Suzuki Cars Tata Cars Kia Cars Toyota Cars Hyundai Cars Mahindra Cars Compare Cars New Car Offers & Discounts Find Car Dealers Find EV Charging Stations Find Fuel Stations Check Fuel Prices Used cars Buy Used Cars Used Cars In Your City Ahmedabad Bangalore Chennai Delhi NCR Hyderabad Jaipur Kolkata Mumbai Pune More Cities Sell My Car Used Car Valuation Dealership Near Me News & Reviews News & Top stories Car Expert Reviews User Reviews Car Collection Tips & Advice Videos Video Reviews Visual Stories Select City Ad MG Windsor EV Price Compare Images Specs User Reviews 360 View Variants Videos More Range Colours Windsor EV News FAQs Charging Station Dealers Service Center Brochure Windsor EV EMI Loan Second Hand Windsor EV 1 / 2 103 Photos Shorts 6 Colors MG Windsor EV 4.6 116 Reviews Rate &amp; Win ₹1000 The MG Windsor EV is one of the top selling EVs in India and it has all the right reasons to be. A super spacious rear seat with a massive 135-degree reclining angle make the Windsor EV a great option for chauffeur driven owners. The cabin looks minimalistic, but a small pain point is that most of the features including controlling the ORVMs and lights can be done only via the touchscreen. But regardless of that, it can be had with two powertrain options, both offered at attractive price points including a battery rental scheme. more Rs. 14 - 18.50 Lakh * Get On-Road Price *Ex-Showroom Price in New Delhi View June Offers View June Offers Hurry up to lock festive offers! MG Windsor EV specs &amp; features Range 332 - 449 km Power 134 bhp Battery Capacity 38 - 52.9 kWh Charging Time DC 45 Min-45kW (0-80%) Charging Time AC 7 H-7.4kW (0-100%) Boot Space 604 Litres Rear Seat Experience: Sofa-like seat with plentiful space and recline angle offer great comfort. Features Galore: 15.6-inch touchscreen, Infinity sound system, ADAS, cooled front seats and more. Battery Rental Scheme: Option to buy it in BaaS will give buyers a lower initial price to pay up front. Key Specifications Highlights Specs and Features MG Windsor EV price MG Windsor EV price starts at ₹14 Lakh and top model price goes upto ₹18.50 Lakh. MG Windsor EV is offered in 5 variants - the base model of MG Windsor EV is Excite and the top model MG Windsor EV Essence Pro. Read More Variant Ex-Showroom Price Compare MG Windsor EV Excite ( Base Model ) 38 kWh, 332 km, 134 bhp 1 Month waiting ₹ 14 Lakh * Get On-Road Price View June Offers Compare MG Windsor EV Exclusive 38 kWh, 332 km, 134 bhp 1 Month waiting ₹ 15.53 Lakh * Get On-Road Price View June Offers Compare Top Selling MG Windsor EV Essence 38 kWh, 332 km, 134 bhp 1 Month waiting ₹ 16.53 Lakh * Get On-Road Price View June Offers Compare MG Windsor EV Exclusive Pro 52.9 kWh, 449 km, 134 bhp 1 Month waiting ₹ 17.38 Lakh * Get On-Road Price View June Offers Compare MG Windsor EV Essence Pro ( Top Model ) 52.9 kWh, 449 km, 134 bhp 1 Month waiting ₹ 18.50 Lakh * Get On-Road Price View June Offers Compare MG Windsor EV expert review CarDekho Experts “ The Windsor EV is an excellent family car that is unlikely to disappoint. If you can adapt to the touchscreen controls and the limited range, it’s hard to find a better EV under Rs 20 lakhs. ” Overview The MG Windsor EV is a rebadged version of the Wuling Air EV that is sold in the other South East Asian markets. It is MG’s third electric vehicle for the Indian market after the MG Comet and ZS EV. While it has a unique body style, rivals include compact SUVs such as the Hyundai Creta EV, Tata Curvv EV and even the Tata Nexon EV. Unlike its rivals, the MG Windsor is a born EV. Consequently, it has packaging benefits, which allow it to utilise the space and practicality within the same size much better than its rivals. This trait, along with its unique styling approach and feature-laden cabin, immediately sets it apart from its rivals. Having spent nearly three months driving an MG Comet around, I had a few expectations from the Windsor EV. I spent a week testing this electric vehicle to figure out how it maximizes those packaging benefits, and who should really be buying it? Read More Exterior The MG Windsor’s design immediately stands out from the rest of its rivals with its unique shape. Its rounded egg-like silhouette might look odd at first to many. However, there are plenty of design details and elements that help it look fresh and distinctive. It starts with an illuminated MG logo on the bonnet and the connected LED DRLs that look rich, especially in the dark. The big LED projector headlights are offered as standard and sit on either side of the rounded bumper. The flush-fitting door handles and 18-inch aerodynamic alloy wheels add some premiumness to the side profile. The PRO variants with the bigger battery pack sports a different design for the 18-inch alloys, which has a neat and classy look. At the rear, the Windsor appears to be cute and curvy with rounded bumpers and minimal cladding. There’s connected LED tail lights with some really impressive detailing, too.&nbsp; This electric car undoubtedly does grab attention on the road, and I really like how the LED connected lighting exudes a premium look at night. With its interesting shape and tasteful execution of the lighting elements, the Windsor manages to look cute and rich at the same time. That said, I’m not a big fan of the official accessories. While there’s nothing wrong with them visually, and they can actually help add some style to the design, they make heavy use of chrome inserts on the panels, which tend to get rusty really quickly. Even the fitment of these accessories wasn’t up to factory-finishing standards on our test vehicle. While these accessories are personal choices, I’d recommend you avoid them.&nbsp; In terms of colour options, there are 6 monotone shades to choose from: Celadon Blue, Turquoise Green, Aurora Silver, Pearl White, Glaze Red, and Starburst Black. The Glaze Red colour particularly stands out amongst all the other colour options, with its bright and striking treatment. Overall, the Windsor definitely has a design that’s fresh for the Indian market, and its road presence shines not because of its size but because of its unique design. Read More Interior The MG Windsor has a minimalist cabin design that feels premium with interesting contrasting inserts and design elements. There are two themes available. The standard variants of the Windsor get a black interior, while the new Pro variant (with the bigger battery) sports a dual-tone black and ivory theme. Admittedly, the Pro variants’ dual tone theme feels richer and makes the cabin feel even more spacious, but it picks up dust and grime with ease and will require constant maintenance and upkeep. I like how MG has integrated the ambient light strip across the cabin. The application feels almost luxury car-like and with 64 colours to choose from, you really can customize the mood according to yourself. In terms of quality, MG has got it just right with the Windsor. The sofa-like seats, and soft-touch materials on the doors and dashboard make the cabin feel premium, and extensive usage of faux wood trims and rose gold accents add to the visual appeal. However, the fit and finish levels could’ve been more consistent in some places, it feels flimsy. For example, the floating central panel tends to flex after applying pressure, and the weight of the AC vents and the feel of the door handles feels too light. If not for these slightly iffy panels, the quality of the MG Windsor’s cabin would’ve been right up there, if not better than the segment benchmark. Front Seats Ingress egress in the MG Windsor EV is super easy, thanks to a tall roofline which doesn’t require you to duck too much. Once inside, the sofa-like seats of the Windsor feel very comfortable in terms of cushioning and underthigh support. Only the side contours could’ve offered better support. This will be felt by those XL-sized, especially.&nbsp;&nbsp; With 6-way powered seats, and tilt and telescopic steering adjustment, everyone can find a comfortable driving position in the Windsor. The windshield is huge, and with cut outs in the A-pillar, you have good visibility all around, so even new drivers can get comfortable behind the wheel easily. There’s no dearth of space, and even an exceptionally tall occupant can be comfortable behind the wheel. A front central armrest is offered as standard, which is something you’ll appreciate on long journeys. Rear seats The rear seats are where the MG Windsor EV shines and trumps over its rivals without much effort. The space on offer is so generous that it is comparable to cars from a segment or two above. The rear seats don’t slide, but there’s still space for two six footers to sit behind one another with space to spare. Headroom is plenty, and underthigh support is adequate, and you can genuinely stretch out here. I found that the Windsor is one of the few cars in its segment that can actually accommodate three passengers in relative comfort thanks to a wide cabin, flat floor and a largely flat backrest. The central passenger also gets a dedicated headrest for comfort on longer journeys. The seats already provide great comfort with their balanced cushioning, but with 135-degree backrest recline, it truly offers a lounge-like feel. Taking the experience to a whole different level is the fact that you can recline the front seats completely, after which you get a business class-like seat where you can rest your legs and lounge. Functional amenities like the central armrest and rear AC vents finish off the entire package.&nbsp; Visibility is great all around too. MG could improve the rear seat experience further by offering rear sunblinds and two separate rear AC vents inside of a single large one which limits usability. Storage The MG Windsor is among the most practical offerings at its price point. The front door pockets can accommodate 1-litre bottles, which can also be stored in the central console. It gets three options, one for 1-litre bottles, and the other two for smaller cans or 500-ml bottles. Even the dashboard has two cupholders, but I avoid storing any cold drinks there because they tend to get warm too quickly due to their close proximity to the windshield. The central armrest holds a big space underneath, there’s a big covered space under the central console and even the glovebox size is decent. However, no covered space is cooled. Passengers at the back get pockets behind the front seats to store magazines or laptops, two cup holders in the central armrest and an open slot underneath the rear AC vents. But the rear door pockets are only good enough for small bottles. Charging options For charging duties, MG offers a type-C and type-A port, along with a 12V socket underneath the front central armrest. The rear occupants only have to make use of a single type-C port. Overall, the MG Windsor offers a premium cabin experience, which has an edge over its rivals in terms of the space and practicality on offer. Both those aspects are not just better, but outright superior – to a level where it is comparable with cars from a segment above. Read More Features Features (4 out of 5) For its price, the MG Windsor is very well equipped. It covers the basics quite well. Here’s a quick snapshot: All four windows one touch up/down Rear AC vents Auto headlights Wireless phone charger Cruise control 6-way powered driver seat Glass roof Steering mounted controls Auto folding ORVMs Keyless entry That ‘in-your-face’ 15.6-inch touchscreen is the highlight, obviously. While it looks great on the&nbsp; brochure, real world experience can be mildly frustrating. Many of the features, including the absolute basic ones that you would use multiple times on your daily drive have been executed in such a way that they require a step or two extra than they normally would.&nbsp; For instance, controls for things as simple as folding your mirrors, opening/closing the cover for the glass roof or accessing the ventilated seats have been integrated in the main display. Adjustment of the mirrors is done through the steering mounted controls and even features like headlight leveler and drive modes have been made part of the screen itself. It takes extra steps to access these little functions and with the screen not being highly responsive, the entire experience becomes unnecessarily tedious. Not only&nbsp; is it inconvenient, but also dangerous while driving.&nbsp; The Windsor’s infotainment system has bright colours and supports wireless Android Auto and Apple CarPlay. However, using the screen isn’t a smooth experience, as I faced some delays in response times, and the screen sometimes takes longer than usual to switch between menus. The user interface also feels cluttered and difficult to understand, and while young people will still get a hang of it, elderly people won’t really enjoy using the screen much. In comparison, the 8.8-inch digital driver’s display is rather simple. It might look tiny in front of the main screen, but it functions as intended. Resolution is crisp and information is relayed in a clean and easy to consume manner. There are no themes or layouts here, just different set of information being displayed. MG has equipped the Windsor with a 9-speaker infinity sound system. The setup doesn’t offer the same premium experience as its peers, but the quality is acceptable for regular usage. It only fails to make you feel the music like other sound systems in this price and segment do. The Windsor’s 360-degree surround view camera’s quality is strictly average. It does offer 2D and 3D modes along with multiple viewing angles to choose from, but it tends to lag sometimes, with odd frame drops and glitches. Features like vehicle-to-load (V2L) and vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V) are exclusive to the Essence Pro variant, and let you use the vehicle like a powerbank, effectively letting you power appliances or charge other EVs if needed. Most won’t ever use this feature, but if you go on picnics or like to camp at a remote place overnight or have to rescue a stranded EV, this might come in handy. There are no complaints from the functioning of the ventilated front seats, but they deserve a dedicated button for ease of access, and this brings us to the feature execution issue in the Windsor.&nbsp; Read More Safety Standard Safety Equipment 6 airbags Rear parking sensors Tyre pressure warning system Electronic parking brake Hill hold and descent control ISOFIX mounts Rain sensing wipers All four disc brakes The MG Windsor comes with a healthy list of standard safety equipment. A 360-degree camera and rear defogger are offered in the higher variants, but surprisingly, the Windsor doesn't offer a rear wiper or washer in any of its variants. It also packs Level-2 autonomous driving assistance system (ADAS), but they are limited to the Essence Pro variant. The kit includes features like adaptive cruise control, lane departure assist, and auto emergency braking. Compared to the segment, the ADAS suite does miss out on a few features like blind spot monitoring and detection. You can turn off the Windsor’s ADAS features, but you will have to access them via the screen itself.&nbsp; The MG Windsor hasn’t been tested for a crash test rating by any independent authority yet. Read More Boot Space While there is no frunk in the MG Windsor, the carmaker claims a rather sizable boot space of 579-604-litres depending on the variant. There’s 60:40 split functionality in the rear seats, which fold flat with the seat base. Real-world boot space with both the battery packs is impressive, and can easily store a full set of suitcases, including a small, medium and large suitcase, and a couple of duffle bags. Irrespective of the variant, you still will have enough space for a family’s weekend worth of luggage with ease. The top-spec Essence PRO variant comes with a powered tailgate which works with proximity, so even if you have bags in your hand, the tailgate will open if you're standing near it, and I feel that this is a very convenient feature. Loading and unloading luggage in the MG Windsor is fairly easy too. Read More Performance Battery 38kWh 52.9kWh Output 136 PS/200 Nm Claimed range (MIDC Part 1+2) 332 km 449 km The MG Windsor gets a single 136 PS and 200 Nm electric motor, which is common between its two battery packs: 38 kWh and 52.9 kWh. There are four driving modes to choose from: Eco+, Eco, Normal, and Sports, and three different settings for the regen modes: Light, Normal, and Heavy. Battery 38kWh 52.9kWh Max charging speed 45kW 60kW 20-80% DC charging time 45 minutes 50 minutes 10-100 AC charging time 13.5 hours (3.3 kW) | 7 hours (7.4 kW) 9.5 hours (7.4 kW) Estimated real-world range 260 km 360 km While the Windsor’s smaller battery gets the option of either a 3.3kW or 7.4kW AC home charger, the bigger battery pack only gets the 7.4kW home charger. The latter also has a higher charging capacity of 60kW, compared to the smaller battery's 45kW charging capacity, and I found this added charging capacity to be useful for quick top ups during long journeys. If your usage of the Windsor is going to be mostly restricted to the city, I would recommend you to pick the smaller battery pack. We conducted a 100-0% test with the 38kWh version in Pune and drove it through the city, hilly roads and highways. We could extract 260km of range, with the air-conditioning in use.&nbsp; I would opt for the bigger battery only if I had high intercity usage, and wanted the additional range (approx ~100km) and quicker 60kW charging speed. &nbsp; City performance Driving the MG Windsor does not involve a learning curve, even if you’re a new driver or all you’ve ever only driven was a petrol/diesel car. The entire drive experience has been tuned for smoothness, so the car does not feel jumpy or jerky in bumper to bumper traffic. It crawls smoothly, and even when you ask for a quick acceleration, the power delivery is instant, but linear.&nbsp; Regen increases progressively as you go from Light to Normal, and the Heavy regen mode isn’t a single pedal mode, it is still aggressive and drops speed rather quickly. So it is best to stick to Light or Normal regen modes for city usage. I just wish MG offered paddle shifters to change the regen modes, which would’ve made it much easier and even intuitive to change them while driving the car, instead of having to fiddle with the touchscreen.&nbsp; I found that despite being at 1-2% charge, the car was still able to crawl at city speeds. Performance is strictly sedate at that charge percentage, but it is enough for you to keep pace with the slow moving traffic.&nbsp; Highway performance While the Windsor’s output figure might not be outright impressive by EV standards, there won’t be a moment when you will want more performance in your regular commutes or roadtrips. The car reaches triple digit speeds with ease and can stay at speeds of 100-120kmph comfortably. In fact, the instantaneous power delivery helps make the high speed overtakes easier. I found the Normal mode's performance to be adequate, but if there’s full load in the vehicle, and you need to make a quick overtake or are driving in hilly areas with steep inclines, it is best to switch to Sports mode. There is a noticeable difference in throttle response, and the car tends to pick up pace in Sports mode much more eagerly than it does in the other modes. Overall, the Windsor’s performance might not be outright exciting, but it feels quick enough for all commuting needs. Dedicated buttons for the drive mode and regen selection would’ve improved the experience, but in terms of driveability, the Windsor ticks all the right boxes with its refinement and effortlessness.&nbsp; Read More Ride and Handling Regular road imperfections and small speedbreakers are dealt with easily. In fact, the sharper bumps are fairly well absorbed. However, over rough roads and really deep potholes, you will feel the impact inside, and the rear occupants will be more uncomfortable due to the side-to-side movement. You could choose to speed up over broken roads to soften the impact. Thankfully, an unladen ground clearance of 186mm let’s you can tackle those rough roads with confidence as well. Highway ride quality is good where the car feels stable over any sudden undulation or expansion joints. But the insulation at those speeds isn’t up to the mark as you can hear a lot of road and tyre noise inside.&nbsp; A thing to be cautious about in the Windsor are its low-friction tyres. While they have been offered in a bid to improve range, their grip takes an instant hit in low traction conditions, and you will have to be super careful when taking the car on a steep or wet incline. When it rained, the MG Windsor struggled to climb up a relatively mild slope from our parking onto the main road.&nbsp; If you’re going to be using the car in hilly regions frequented by rains, or in general have a parking or garage with a steep incline that gets wet often, I would recommend changing your tyres for better grip and control. Handling A family SUV should be easy to drive in the city and the MG Windsor nails that duty. The steering is so light that it can be maneuvered using a single finger, so taking it out of tight parking spaces or making a three pointer turn is effortless.&nbsp; While the Windsor does remain stable around a fast corner, it is best to drive it in a relaxed manner to keep your occupants happy. You will enjoy driving it in hilly areas, not when you’re pushing it, but only when you’re driving it sensibly. Overall, for a car that’s supposed to primarily do city chores with the family, the Windsor could’ve been more comfortable. The experience would’ve been better if the ride was slightly more absorbent, but it isn’t too harsh for it to be a dealbreaker either. Read More Variants The MG Windsor is offered in five&nbsp;variants: Excite, Exclusive, Essence, Exclusive Pro and Essence Pro. The bigger 52.9 kWh battery is available&nbsp;with the Exclusive Pro and Essence Pro variants. Excite Looks nearly similar to the top variants with full LED lighting setup, flush door handles and turn indicators on the ORVMs. Sits on 17-inch steel wheels with covers. Gets fabric seats and leatherette only on the driver armrest. Ticks all functional equipment including rear AC vents, cruise control, tilt and telescopic steering wheel, electrically adjustable ORVMs, and keyless entry. Packs a 10.1-inch infotainment system, wireless Android Auto and Apple CarPlay, and a 6-speaker sound system. Safety kit gets 6 airbags, rear parking sensors, tyre pressure warning system, and an electronic parking brake as standard. Exclusive Adds 18-inch alloys and chrome inserts on the windowline for a more premium look. Richer interior with leatherette on dashboard, door trims and seats. Main feature additions include 6-way power adjustable driver seat, a wireless phone charger, auto folding and fully powered outside mirrors, and central armrest for rear seats. Features a bigger 15.6-inch infotainment system with an 8.8-inch fully digital display for the driver. 360-degree camera, proper tyre pressure monitoring system and LED cornering lights are the new additions to the safety kit. Essence No major change to the exterior and interior styling, but the addition of ambient lighting inside the cabin adds some visual appeal. Gets three feature additions - a glass roof, ventilated front seats, and a 9-speaker Infinity-tuned sound system. No changes in the safety kit. Essence Pro Gets the bigger 52.9 kWh battery pack. The differently styled 18-inch alloy wheels are the only cosmetic change. Features a dual-tone black and ivory theme with similar inserts as the rest of the variants. In terms of features there are three additions - vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V), vehicle-to-load (V2L), and a powered tailgate. Safety kit exclusively gets level-2 autonomous driving assistance features like adaptive cruise control, lane departure assist, and auto emergency braking. CarDekho Recommends: The base variant of the MG Windsor offers you more style and equipment than the mid-spec variants of some of the similarly-sized compact SUVs. As a result, it is the recommended option for people on a tight budget. The Exclusive variant feels the most value-for-money with a healthy list of creature comforts and elements to make the experience feel more expensive than it actually is. The Essence Pro variant is a discretionary buy for people who want the peace of mind that comes with additional range and higher charging capacity. Its additional asking price is justified. Read More Verdict Despite the slightly stiff ride quality and tech package that involves a learning curve, especially for non-tech-savvy people, the MG Windsor is an excellent family electric vehicle. It looks different, feels premium, packs hi-tech features and safety equipment, while offering you space and practicality of cars that are a size or two bigger. And now with the bigger battery pack, the only thing that was missing in the MG Windsor has been added. Other cars to consider instead of the MG Windsor EV Tata Nexon EV Reasons to consider More conventional design Better infotainment experience More comfortable ride quality Reasons to ignore Smaller car Less space in the rear Smaller boot space Not nearly as practical Hyundai Creta EV Reasons to consider More conventional styling Better feature execution Slightly better ride comfort Reasons to ignore Top variants are much more expensive Rear seat experience isn’t as lavish Tata Curvv EV Reasons to consider Sportier styling More comfortable ride quality Better feature execution Reasons to ignore Limited rear seat space Not as practical Fit and finish inconsistencies Read More Pros &amp; Cons of MG Windsor EV Things We Like Premium cabin: Excellent interior layout with quality materials and finish Loaded with features:A panoramic glass roof, 15.6-inch touchscreen, and an Infinity-tuned sound system Exciting performance: Smooth drive experience with plenty of overtaking power View More Things We Don&#x27;t Like Quirky design: Looks will be subjective and not to everyone’s liking Small Instrument cluster: Not very easy to see all the drive information Needs more physical buttons: Touchscreen and steering integrated controls are not convenient to operate on the go. Ad MG Windsor EV comparison with similar cars MG Windsor EV Rs. 14 - 18.50 Lakh * Tata Nexon EV Rs. 12.49 - 17.49 Lakh * Tata Punch EV Rs. 9.69 - 12.59 Lakh * Maruti Suzuki e Vitara Rs. 15.99 - 20.01 Lakh * MG ZS EV Rs. 17.99 - 20.50 Lakh * Hyundai Creta Electric Rs. 18.02 - 24.70 Lakh * Tata Curvv EV Rs. 16.99 - 19.49 Lakh * VinFast VF6 Rs. 17.29 - 19.19 Lakh * Rating 4.6 User Review (116) Rating 4.5 User Review (236) Rating 4.7 User Review (36) Rating 4.7 User Review (18) Rating 4.2 User Review (128) Rating 4.8 User Review (27) Rating 4.7 User Review (139) Rating 4.8 User Review (7) Fuel Type Electric Fuel Type Electric Fuel Type Electric Fuel Type Electric Fuel Type Electric Fuel Type Electric Fuel Type Electric Fuel Type Electric Battery Capacity 38 - 52.9 kWh Battery Capacity 30 - 45 kWh Battery Capacity 30 - 40 kWh Battery Capacity 49 - 61 kWh Battery Capacity 50.3 kWh Battery Capacity 42 - 51.4 kWh Battery Capacity 55 kWh Battery Capacity 59.6 kWh Range 332 - 449 km Range 275 - 489 km Range 275 - 350 km Range 440 - 543 km Range 461 km Range 390 - 510 km Range 502 km Range 463 - 468 km Charging Time 55 Min-DC-50kW (0-80%) Charging Time 50kW - 10 to 80% - 56 mins Charging Time 26 Min ( 10-80%) Charging Time 45 Min (10-80%) Charging Time 9H | AC 7.4 kW (0-100%) Charging Time 58Min-50kW(10-80%) Charging Time 40Min-70kW-(10-80%) Charging Time 25 Min ( 10-70%) Power 134 bhp Power 127 - 142 bhp Power 87 - 127 bhp Power 142 - 172 bhp Power 174.33 bhp Power 133 - 169 bhp Power 165 bhp Power 174.33 - 201.15 bhp Airbags 6 Airbags 6 Airbags 6 Airbags 7 Airbags 6 Airbags 6 Airbags 6 Airbags 7 Currently Viewing MG Windsor EV vs Nexon EV MG Windsor EV vs Punch EV MG Windsor EV vs e Vitara MG Windsor EV vs MG ZS EV MG Windsor EV vs Creta Electric MG Windsor EV vs Curvv EV MG Windsor EV vs VF6 MG Windsor EV news Latest News Road Test Top 5 Small Cars For Urban Buyers Clocking A Lot Of Miles Drive a lot inside the city? These cars will certainly make your life easier! By Ninad On Jun 07, 2026 New Tata Punch EV vs MG Windsor EV: Which EV Should Be Your Pick? While not direct rivals, which one has a better value for money? We find out By Rohit On Feb 26, 2026 JSW MG Motor India Launches Dealership In Nepal The MG cars will be manufactured in India and will be exported to Nepal By Bikramjit On May 15, 2026 EVs With BaaS Pricing In India: MG Dominates The List Followed By New Tata And Maruti EVs The Battery-as-a-Service (BaaS) price module was first introduced by MG with the Windsor EV By Yashein On Feb 26, 2026 Maruti e Vitara vs MG Windsor: Which EV Makes More Sense On Paper? With Maruti’s first EV now on sale, we thought of comparing its specifications with those of the best-selling EV of 2025 in India, the MG Windsor By Rohit On Feb 24, 2026 MG Windsor EV News MG Windsor EV Long Term Review: One Month On A Full Charge? The Windsor was the best-selling electric car in the country in 2025, why? By Arun On Feb 06, 2026 MG Windsor Review: A Brilliant Family EV Forget the battery subscription plans and focus on the car - and you will find a worthy companion for your family. By Nabeel On Sep 23, 2024 MG Windsor EV user reviews 4.6 /5 Based on 116 User Reviews Write a Review &amp; Win ₹1000 Popular Mentions All (116) Looks (44) Comfort (37) Mileage (7) Interior (30) Space (17) Price (31) Power (9) More... Latest Helpful S saikalyan on May 27, 2026 4.7 Value For Money Car Good looks stylish, excellent performance and range, i have an amazing driving experience in while driving on roads and mainly info dimension system is cool, it has many features in car and mainly you will enjoy city roads and highways, so finally I will tell one word value for money for this budget thanks you all. Read More R raghav goel on Apr 12, 2026 5 Windsor Car Review Very nice car full of tech and also good in performance, boot space also very good, ventilated seats very large infotainment screen, very nice exterior design, shape and style electric tailgate, flush doors electric powered, seats acceleration also very good, power windows cost effective, good in budget level. Read More 1 A abhishek pal on Apr 10, 2026 3.8 MG Windsor Ev Review I will say that it is very good car for overall daily life purpose. This is a very good car in perspective of battery life and its range. No other evs give this intially and overall the car is fascinating and very innovative. I will complain about the looks from exterior which is not so good but in performance and range is overall make it good. Very good price range for such a good car. Read More V vinayak on Apr 07, 2026 5 Windsor Ev Review MG Windsor is a practical and feature which electric vehicle that focuses on comfort, space and every day usability than outright performance. Making it a strong choice for city and family use. It stands out with its spacious interior, especially the recliner, rear seats and Premier cabin loaded tech giving it relaxed, comfortable drive experience power is smooth, quiet and easy to drive with a real world range of 300 km which is efficient for communicating, isn't without flow. Quality can feel bad roads. Read More U user on Feb 12, 2026 4.5 Windsor Car Nice and smooth and ride quality is good and smooth let you be your self staff is cooperative and service cost is negligible and good for city ride and spacious with a big boot space and second seats are spacious and very much comfortable abd gives boss feeling however the company should increase its reach to customers in rural areas as well. Read More 1 View All MG Windsor EV Reviews MG Windsor EV Reviews MG Windsor EV Range MG Windsor EV range is between 332 - 449 km, depending on the variant. Motor and Transmission ARAI Range Electric - Automatic between 332 - 449 km MG Windsor EV Range Details MG Windsor EV videos Shorts Full Videos Winsdor EV ki battery kaise assemble hoti hai? Boot Space of MG Windsor EV Pro Miscellaneous Space Highlights Prices MG Windsor EV Variants Explained: Base Model vs Mid Model vs Top Model MG Windsor Review: Sirf Range Ka Compromise? Mahindra Bolero Neo vs Tata Sierra vs Maruti Victoris vs Tata Punch vs Kia Syros vs MG Windsor MG Windsor EV Pro: Review | Best Family EV For India? Tata Nexon EV vs MG Windsor EV | Which One Should You Pick? | Detailed Comparison Review MG Windsor EV colours MG Windsor EV is available in the following colours in India. View all car images with different colour options on CarDekho. Pearl White Starry Black Turquoise Green Aurora Silver Glaze Red Celadon Blue MG Windsor EV Colours MG Windsor EV images We have 103 images of MG Windsor EV, view picture gallery of MG Windsor EV which includes exterier, interior &amp; 360° view of MUV car. MG Windsor EV Images Recommended used car alternatives for MG Windsor EV in New Delhi MG Windsor EV Essence Rs 16.75 Lakh 2026 7,300 Km Electric View Seller Details MG Windsor EV Essence Rs 15.90 Lakh 2026 13,000 Km Electric View Seller Details MG Windsor EV Essence Rs 13.45 Lakh 2024 22,000 Km Electric View Seller Details MG Windsor EV Exclusive Rs 13.00 Lakh 2024 19,000 Km Electric View Seller Details MG Windsor EV Exclusive Rs 14.35 Lakh 2024 34,000 Km Electric View Seller Details MG M9 Presidential Limo Rs 77.00 Lakh 2025 5,200 Km Electric View Seller Details 8 Used Windsor EV in New Delhi – from ₹13 Lakh Used MG Motor Cars in New Delhi More options to consider MPV Cars Cars Between 10 to 15 Lakh Upcoming MPV Cars Cars with Front Wheel Drive Cars with 6 Airbags Electric Cars Cars With Airbags Are you confused? Ask anything &amp; get answer in 48 hours Ask Question MG Windsor EV Questions &amp; Answers FAQs Latest Questions Q ) What is the exact on-road price of MG Windsor EV? A ) The on-road price of MG Windsor EV in Delhi starts at ₹14,74,742. The on-road price is inclusive of RTO charges and insurance. Q ) What is the charging time required to fully charge the MG Windsor EV? A ) Charging Time required to fully charge the MG Windsor EV - 7 H-7.4kW (0-100%). Q ) What is the battery capacity of MG Windsor EV? A ) The battery capacity of MG Windsor EV is between 38 - 52.9 kWh, depending on the variant.. Q ) What is the range of MG Windsor EV? A ) The range of MG Windsor EV is 332 km. Q ) Which car is better MG Windsor EV or Nexon EV? A ) MG Windsor EV price starts at ₹14 Lakh ex-showroom and Nexon EV price starts ₹12.49 Lakh ex-showroom. Q ) What will the EMI or down payment for MG Windsor EV? A ) MG Windsor EV EMI starts at ₹29,083 per month for a tenure of 60 months @ 9.8% for a loan amount of ₹13.75 Lakh & down payment will be ₹1.53 Lakh. Q ) What is the transmission type of MG Windsor EV? A ) MG Windsor EV is available in Electric Range Option with Automatic transmission. Q ) Does the MG Windsor EV have a sunroof? A ) Yes, the MG Windsor EV comes with a panoramic sunroof, or as MG calls it, an "infinity view glass roof." It’s a large, tinted glass roof with a thick curtain to block heat and light. However, unlike regular sunroofs, the glass doesn’t open - only the curtain does. Q ) Is MG Windsor EV is a 7 Seater Car? A ) No, the MG Windsor EV isn't a 7 seater car. It is a 5 seater car. FAQs Dev asked on 11 Nov 2025 Q ) Does the MG Windsor EV come with rear Aero-Lounge seats seats? By CarDekho Experts on 11 Nov 2025 A ) The MG Windsor EV is expected to offer exceptional comfort with its first-in-seg... Read More Reply on this answer View all Answer Rohit asked on 11 Oct 2025 Q ) Does the MG Windsor support V2V (Vehicle-to-Vehicle) power sharing technology? By CarDekho Experts on 11 Oct 2025 A ) Yes, the MG Windsor supports advanced V2V (Vehicle-to-Vehicle) charging technolo... Read More Reply on this answer View all Answer Arbaab asked on 19 May 2025 Q ) What’s the ground clearance of the MG Windsor EV? By CarDekho Experts on 19 May 2025 A ) The MG Windsor EV offers an unladen ground clearance of 186 mm, providing ample ... Read More Reply on this answer View all Answer Rishab asked on 14 May 2025 Q ) Can I use the MG Windsor’s battery to power devices during outdoor trips or emer... By CarDekho Experts on 14 May 2025 A ) The MG Windsor’s V2L feature allows you to power devices during outdoor trips or... Read More Reply on this answer View all Answer Abhigyan asked on 12 May 2025 Q ) Does the MG Windsor EV equipped with ventilated front seats? By CarDekho Experts on 12 May 2025 A ) Yes, the MG Windsor EV is equipped with ventilated front row seats, enhancing co... Read More Reply on this answer View all Answer Questions CHAT WITH DEALER Calculate EMI Your monthly EMI ₹ 34,745 Edit EMI Interest calculated at 9.8% for 48 months View EMI Offers Ad MG Windsor EV brochure Download brochure for detailed information of specs, features &amp; prices. Download Brochure MG Windsor EV price in India City On-Road Price Bangalore Rs. 15.87 - 19.82 Lakh * Mumbai Rs. 14.75 - 19.45 Lakh * Pune Rs. 14.75 - 19.45 Lakh * Hyderabad Rs. 14.75 - 19.45 Lakh * Chennai Rs. 14.75 - 19.45 Lakh * Ad Trending MG Motor cars Popular Upcoming MG Hector Rs. 11.99 - 19.19 Lakh * MG Astor Rs. 9.79 - 15.50 Lakh * MG Hector Plus Rs. 17.49 - 19.69 Lakh * MG Majestor Rs. 40.99 - 44.99 Lakh * MG Gloster Rs. 38.33 - 43.16 Lakh * MG Motor Cars New Variant MG Majestor Rs. 38.99 - 44.99 Lakh Estimated Jun 30, 2026 Expected Launch New Variant MG Hector Rs. 11.99 - 19.19 Lakh Estimated Oct 27, 2026 Expected Launch Upcoming MG Motor Cars Popular MUV cars Trending Latest Maruti Suzuki Ertiga Rs. 8.80 - 12.94 Lakh * Toyota Innova Crysta Rs. 18.99 - 26.63 Lakh * Kia Carens Rs. 11.02 - 12.88 Lakh * Toyota Innova Hycross Rs. 18.70 - 31.84 Lakh * Maruti Suzuki XL6 Rs. 11.52 - 14.47 Lakh * MUV Cars New Variant Kia Carens Clavis Rs. 11.21 - 21.59 Lakh * New Variant Kia Carens Clavis EV Rs. 18 - 25 Lakh * New Variant Toyota Rumion Rs. 9.55 - 13.86 Lakh * Latest MUV Cars View June Offers Ad MG Windsor EV latest updates January 6, 2026: The MG Windsor EV stood out as the highest-selling electric car in 2025, with over 46,000 units sold. November 19, 2025: MG Windsor EV has achieved a sales milestone of 50,000 units. It is the fastest EV in India to record this feat in just 13 months since its launch in September 2024. October 9, 2025: MG has launched the Windsor EV Inspire Edition at Rs 16.65 lakh, limited to 300 units. It is based on the top-spec Essence variant with a 38.4 kWh battery pack and gets a bunch of cosmetic changes inside and out. Read More Home MG Motor Cars MG Windsor EV *Ex-showroom price in New Delhi India’s #1 Largest Auto portal AI Expert Simplify your car search Offers Stay updated pay less Compare Decode the right car About CarDekho About Careers With Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Corporate Policies Investors FAQs Connect With Us Feedback Contact Us Advertise with Us Become Partner Dealer OTHERS TrucksDekho TyreDekho TractorsDekho Girnar Vision Fund Emergency Response Car Sales Trends EXPERIENCE CARDEKHO APP CarDekho Group Ventures © 2026 Girnar Software Pvt. Ltd. Connect: × We need your city to customize your experience